not that I think it have been affected tremendously on one side of the
corn your you have the chance of impacting the command with who you
are and how you are as a person and on the other side of that that
command will impact you in almost the same manner so you have to consciously
make an effort to incorporate the positive things but resist
the negative things and at the same time do do the same with yourself
you know as far as what you bring excuse me to that command so I
think the impact is mutual you know but I were I was actually I remember
talking to a god I was in college it was about a fraternity and
I'll fill a negative way about the surge attorney and he basically
looked at me and said Hey you know you have to bill the fraternity
around you you know don't build yourself around the paternity and I
think that may be you know all the difference in the world